Psalm 56 to the chief musician said to
the silent dove in distant lands a nick
time of David when the Philistines
captured him in Gath be merciful to me O
God for man would swallow me up fighting
all day he oppresses me my enemies would
hound me all day for there are many who
fight against me almost high whenever I
am afraid I will trust in you in God I
will praise His Word in God I have put
my trust I will not fear what can flesh
do to me all day
they twist my words all their thoughts
are against me for evil they gather
together they hide he marked my steps
when they lie in wait from
my life shall they escaped by iniquity
in anger cast down the people's oh god
you number my wanderings put my tears
into your bottle are they not in your
book when I cry out to you then my
enemies will turn back this I know
because God is for me in God I will
praise His Word in the Lord I will
praise His Word in God I have put my
trust I will not be afraid what can man
do to me Vale's made to you by binding
upon me O God I will render praises to
you for you have delivered my soul from
death have you not kept my feet from
falling that I may walk before God in
the light of the living
you